Steering.md (#3015)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: Steering.md

> # iTwin.js Steering Committee Charter 

Reviewer: Do you intend to link to this document from somewhere? Currently, no one will see it unless they happen to browse the source.

Reviewer 2: Yes, a blog post is going to be created and then promoted on various social media outlets including the Momentum event.

Author: an announcement blog post is being crafted and will link to this charter document.

The goal of the iTwin.js Steering Committee is to ensure that iTwin.js meets the needs of its users. The Steering Committee represents the voice of the user and works with iTwin.js maintainers to help guide development efforts towards solving problems for iTwin.js community. 

## Responsibilities 

The Steering Committee’s responsibilities are to: 

1. Provide feedback to the development team about the functionality, accessibility, and usability of iTwin.js. 
2. Assist iTwin.js development team in prioritizing upcoming roadmap items and planned work. 
3. Represent the "voice of the iTwin.js user" to the broader community. 

## Membership 

> The Steering Committee memberships are not time-limited nor is there a maximum size limit.  The size of the committee is expected to vary to ensure adequate coverage in area expertise and diversity of types of users.  The Steering Committee must have a minimum of four members, and no more than one-fourth of the members maybe affiliated with the same employer.    

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Steering Committee memberships are not time-limited nor is there a maximum size limit.  The size of the committee is expected to vary to ensure adequate coverage in area expertise and diversity of types of users.  The Steering Committee must have a minimum of four members, and no more than one-fourth of the members may be affiliated with the same employer.    
```

To be eligible for membership in the Steering Committee, you must: 

1. Be actively developing an application or solution using iTwin.js 
2. Be willing and able to attend regularly scheduled Steering Committee meetings 

Candidates for membership will be nominated by current Steering Committee members or by iTwin.js maintainers.  The addition of new members will be conducted by a standard motion and vote.  A member may be removed from the Steering Committee by voluntary resignation, by a standard committee motion and vote. 

The Steering Committee will elect amongst its members a Chairperson to work with the iTwin.js maintainers to build an agenda for the meetings.  The committee shall hold annual elections to select a Chairperson for a term of one year.  There are no limits on the number of terms a Chairperson may serve.   

## Meetings 

> Meetings will happen periodically not more than once a quarter. Recordings and minutes will be posted publicly. 

Reviewer: Where will meetings happen? Where will recordings and minutes be posted?

Reviewer 2: The meetings will either be on Teams or Zoom and a link will be provided. We're still figuring out where things will be posted but I would expect recordings to YouTube and Minutes either in a GH repo or in some public Word doc.

Author: We can create a folder in this repo where meeting minutes can be recorded.
